there is a mole
right at the top of british intelligence
[Music]
he's been there for years for 25 years
we've been the only thing standing
between moscow and the third world war
[Music]
i'm retired you're outside the family
you're well placed to look into this
first now i'll do my utmost
i know that it is one of these men all i
want from you
is one code name tinker
taylor soldier
spy i need you to do something
i'm going to have to send you up into
the lion's den
if you're caught what the hell are you
doing up here can't mention me
i know who you are i have something to
trade something big
she told me in secret the mother of all
secrets
she had information concerning a double
agent
you'll have to assume they're watching
you
things aren't always what they seem
it's become so ugly you know they're
very different you and i
we're both looking for the weaknesses of
one another
[Music]
you